Foundations - Prerequisites: Add VM copy and paste rules & screenshot methods (#22392)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/installations/prerequisites.md

  3. Install all available updates. If there are no available updates, move on to Step 5.
  4. If the **Software Updater** is stuck waiting for an **unattended upgrade** to finish, reboot the VM and start again from Step 1.
  5. Open a terminal with `ctrl + alt + t` or opening the **Whisker Menu** and typing in **Terminal** (the shortcut is obviously faster).

>   6. Copy and paste this into the terminal: `sudo apt install linux-headers-$(uname -r) build-essential dkms`. _(__note__: You cannot copy and paste to and from the guest OS and your host OS (Windows), so when copying these commands you need to open TOP in your VM through your `Web Browser` by opening the **Whisker Menu** and typing in **Web Browser**.)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  6. Copy and paste this into the terminal: `sudo apt install linux-headers-$(uname -r) build-essential dkms`. _(__note__: You cannot copy and paste between your guest OS and host OS (Windows), so when copying these commands you need to open this page in your VM through your `Web Browser` by opening the **Whisker Menu** and typing in **Web Browser**.)_
```
See the above suggested edit. Additionally I think on Xubuntu `ctrl + alt + w` will open a web browser, if you're currently using Xubuntu and can confirm that I would add that in as an alternative to going through the whisker menu like in step 5.

Author: Hi wise-king-sullyman, your edits are great; they pinpointed my exact weaknesses. I was having trouble writing that sentence and I wasn't able to find a keyboard shortcut for opening a web browser. Unfortunately, when I tried out `ctrl + alt + w` on Xubuntu nothing happened, so I suppose my instructions can remain the same.
Thanks for the help!

Reviewer 2: It's listed as `Super + W`, which is probably `ctrl + shift + alt + W`.

Author: Hi xandora, unfortunately `ctrl + shift + alt + w` did not seem to do anything when I tested it out on Xubuntu, although it seemed quite plausible. Thanks for the help anyways!

Reviewer 2: Oh, it's `Win + W`, at least on my Xubuntu VM.

Author: aand yep that worked

Author: Would only people with Windows install a Virtual Machine or do other OS's also need a Virtual Machine?

Reviewer: I believe that we only instruct people to use a VM if they're currently on Windows.

Author: Thanks, I wasn't sure about that, I'll add `Win + W` to the instructions.

  3. Install all available updates. If there are no available updates, move on to Step 5.
  4. If the **Software Updater** is stuck waiting for an **unattended upgrade** to finish, reboot the VM and start again from Step 1.
  5. Open a terminal with `ctrl + alt + t` or opening the **Whisker Menu** and typing in **Terminal** (the shortcut is obviously faster).

>   6. Copy and paste this into the terminal: `sudo apt install linux-headers-$(uname -r) build-essential dkms`. _(__note__: You cannot copy and paste between your guest OS and host OS (Windows), so when copying these commands you need to open this page in your VM through your `Web Browser` by pressing `Windows + w` (the Windows key should be between the left ctrl and alt keys).)_

Reviewer: Following the pattern in number 5 above this I would mention the shortcut and the long way of using the whisker menu.
